hello hello hello my sweetheart how are
you you know the only one thing I
dislike about this job is that I made
and I can't ever get to see you I just
hear that sweet voice and it's always on
telephone and I'd like to break out here
and be like one of these young animals
down on my ranch jump a fence but we got
to get together soon I got to get this
together some evening and just sit
around I've been here too laughter
really on behalf of the newspaper
publishers which John sweet ermine is in
the organization that I'm referring to
every year as you probably remember on
the Thursday that closes their
publishers meeting in New York they have
a huge dinner given in fact by the A&P a
dinner attended by 1,500 publishers and
their confluence at the world and they
hoped very much that this April 23rd
Thursday that you might be willing to
speak to them I'll give you a little of
the background of President speaking to
this group President Kennedy spoke to
them his first year in office and
President Eisenhower spoke to them in
1954 usually on an election year they
got their president or any any any
political person and have a
have a foreigner or somebody
non-political but they were is because
this is your first year in office they
hope today you might consider speaking
to them this year on that I would who
else is speaking at all to getting a
debate the Goldwater or anybody else all
right okay yeah yes I will thank it over
but I think I will they just wanted me
to sound you out gets freedom under sent
me a memo on and what it is and when
I'll get back with a firm my decision my
answer would be I wouldn't hesitate the
slightest if you had fell here if you
just blow up heaven get him bringing
back where he can sit in advise with me
a while but it's so difficult i I just
it was tragic there the night I had a
partisan in my bedroom with 2:30 before
I got my message out to the Congress and
I was I could have just blown everything
and fallen on my head and addressed
looking said that he wouldn't change the
word and he couldn't have substituted
one but it was such agony that I haven't
recovered from it I didn't do that when
Phil was here he'd sit down and write in
longhand in 30 minutes what we're gonna
do them after talking over and fighting
about it arguing while we get it I don't
find anybody that's not easy with me
anymore I know I've got all these
temperamental people in a few he didn't
care if he took heavy stuff I didn't
give a damn what he took it any of it he
well he do is just he's trying to help a
human being in a country and not they're
trying to help himself
but they're not many of them they all go
and cry and they say well a producer put
this paragraph in and took my paragraph
out but adlai did a wonderful job
bless his heart and I want you to thank
him on behalf of your children for being
a big man he came in here when this
happened he brought in the speech of his
own and he had personally written he
said I'm at your service and good deal
of it was any message delivered I don't
want pen to paper but
he was a big man and most arrests that
were but mr. president could I say one
thing on behalf of somebody who might
don't think looked very well but I think
is a great man and that is dead silence
yes I think he's just absolutely
indispensable and he's very hurt I
encountered him and I know the moody
within and I don't forgive him for it
but he was dead to me going up to
deliberate we spent the whole time
arguing and I said well you've got 80%
of your stuff in there I think we all
have to just imagine how he feels that
he's a man who doesn't instead of crying
he did this really but because he's
gonna come around and I think that if
you just give him a little lovin oh I'm
going to that little girl said to me
President Johnson has been an angel to
tear well not as much as I can whether
have any pride and self-respect laughter
I think he's gonna come back from the
weekend and be alright and I just hope
he is